# SENTIMENTAL ANALYSIS ON AMAZON PRODUCT REVIEWS

The industries are growing their online operations at an exponential rate due to the rising demand for online buying. There are many brands on the market, but some of them are prominent and control a sizeable portion of the sector. One of the largest e-commerce sites is Amazon, where many sellers offer their goods. Therefore, online commerce is essential for boosting product sales and influencing consumer purchasing behavior. Consumers use the reviews offered on these e-commerce platforms as a resource to help them make wise purchases. Reviewers have a variety of alternatives for submitting their reviews on retail websites like Amazon.com. For instance, the customer can rate the product numerically (1–5) or by writing remarks. Considering the sheer number of goods produced by numerous brands, it is imperative that buyers 
receive reviews that are pertinent to their needs. Studies on the efficacy of online consumer reviews and the numbers show that people are becoming increasingly dependent on this valuable form of social proof.

As the data clearly shows, consumers connect with review and ratings. It’s the equivalent of online word of mouth and goes a long way towards helping brands establish trust within their target demographics.The quantity of reviews connected to a product or brand is growing at an alarming rate, which is comparable to managing big data. Reviews are sentiment-oriented when they are divided into those with positive and those with negative customer sentiment. This produces superior judgment. Future customers as well as the product sellers can benefit from the segmentation of reviews based on their attitude by being able to examine both positive and negative comments constructively and make better selections based on their
